Add ROCm blurbs to linux installation instructions (#1096)
pytorch/pytorch.github.io: _get_started/installation/linux.md

### Anaconda
{: #linux-anaconda}

#### No CUDA/ROCm

> To install PyTorch via Anaconda, and do not have a [CUDA-capable](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-zone) or [ROCm-capable](https://docs.amd.com) system or do not require CUDA/ROCm (ie. GPU support), in the above selector, choose OS: Linux, Package: Conda, Language: Python and Compute Platform: CPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install PyTorch via Anaconda, and do not have a [CUDA-capable](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-zone) or [ROCm-capable](https://docs.amd.com) system or do not require CUDA/ROCm (i.e. GPU support), in the above selector, choose OS: Linux, Package: Conda, Language: Python and Compute Platform: CPU.
```

Then, run the command that is presented to you.

#### With CUDA

To install PyTorch via Anaconda, and you do have a [CUDA-capable](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-zone) system, in the above selector, choose OS: Linux, Package: Conda and the CUDA version suited to your machine. Often, the latest CUDA version is better.
Then, run the command that is presented to you.

#### With ROCm

PyTorch via Anaconda is not supported on ROCm currently. Please use pip instead.

### pip
{: #linux-pip}

#### No CUDA

> To install PyTorch via pip, and do not have a [CUDA-capable](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-zone) or [ROCm-capable](https://docs.amd.com) system or do not require CUDA/ROCm (ie. GPU support), in the above selector, choose OS: Linux, Package: Pip, Language: Python and Compute Platform: CPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install PyTorch via pip, and do not have a [CUDA-capable](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-zone) or [ROCm-capable](https://docs.amd.com) system or do not require CUDA/ROCm (i.e. GPU support), in the above selector, choose OS: Linux, Package: Pip, Language: Python and Compute Platform: CPU.
```
